
Shape of day:

Listen to podcast: Molly Z

Other podcasts if have time:


Recording and Editing
+ We record
+ Listen to Riley's group together and think about arc as big group
+ Audacity/garage band walkthrough
+ discuss which stories to keep/cut and WRITE A BULLETED OUTLINE— what's the theme? What are the different (2) episodes that come out of it?
+ Break into smaller groups — each group gets podcast and the stories that they're using and do extra interviews
— 1-2 people edit the podcast, 
- 1-2 people host and come up with interludes and record

Meanwhile Lunch Crew: Best if sandwhiches and things that are finger friendly.
Budget: $40-50
Head chef?
Soux Chefs?
Shakara: Blog Design Photograph and help with food
Isabella: Blog Food Cookbook
Edgar: Food Cookbook
Christian: Food Cookbook
Emmalynn: Food photography

Once lunch crew has made lunch, taken photos, written 1 recipe... Start working on blog.


While people are editing: podcast: if have nothing to do: Blog post or working with MJ on people card

- Olivia is Host
- Special/not special: times you realized you aren't special and times you thought you were
- a time you had no friends and were really lonely
- favorite songs and break down their meaning to you



Riley is host
- Who inspired you to do something great or bad?
- Are you planning to go to college?
- What do you want to be when you’re older?
- Which parent is your favorite?/ Which parent is the hardest on you?
- Why are the way you are?
- What type of people do you hang out with?
- Do you ever go to the gym?

Shreena
⁃	conspiracy theories
	⁃	weird childhood games you made up
	⁃	reactions to your (or a family member’s/friend’s) first piece of technology (ex: learning how to use my uncle’s iphone when i was super little and being fascinated)
	⁃	weird habits/things you do before traveling
	⁃	traveling horror stories (has anything gone wrong/been bad on a trip?)
	⁃	food habits/picky eating (does your meal have to be prepared a certain way? are there foods you don’t like and why? ex: i hate when my different foods touch on my plate) 
	⁃	reality tv (do you think reality tv realistically captures what its like to live in a celebrities’ shoes? do you like reality tv - why or why not? if you were to have a reality tv show, what would you like the show to focus on - your life, your passions, your job, your identity, etc?)
+ Listen to podcast







Documentary Crew — Hannah/Jackson
Watch Documentary
go around to different groups taking photo/video




Shreena and then Olivia — 20m and 20 m

Olivia: Host
Molly: Editing
Shreena: Host
Katlynn: Editing Blog
Aly: Editing Blog
Sailor: Host Blogger
James: Hosting Editing



Riley Host — 20 m

Harlan: Host Blogger
Penelope: Editing
Avery
Sasha: Editing Hosting Blog
Chloe: Hosting Food Cooking
Hayden: Host Food Cookbook
Connor: Hosting Editing
Riley: Hosting Editing










917-584-9839

If you have a photo, text me the photo, your name, and last initial.

Also, if you want to download clip2comic (free) or toon camera ($2) alsotext me the "drawing version" of your pic

People who's stuff I have
Katelynn
sailor
penelope
shreena
Olivia
Molly
James
Olivia
Avery
Hayden
Molly Z
Christian
Chloe
Edgar
Sasha
Riley


People who I don't know yet

Xblock:
Kieran
Taylor
Aly
Connor

TO DO:
Make screencast for audacity
get paper for exit tickets
Go talk to Joe
Order more mics? (iiiiiii)

Big group: firsts

Roles:
+Food — and documentation
+Documentary
+Sound Editing


Splitting up




Choose an episode that you want to make and go make it

First recordings: first

Second recording Choose a topic





